Release 5.12.0 (#2304)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 5.12.0
### Added
* Deployment: Add `--use_dotnet_agent_functions` to deploy.py. [#2292](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2292)
* Service: Additional C# migration work. [#2183](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2183), [#2296](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2296), [#2286](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2286), [#2282](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2282), [#2289](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2289)
### Changed

> * CLI: Changing CLI Scaleset `size` positional parameter to `max_size`. [#2293](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2293)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CLI: Changed the CLI's `scaleset` commands `size` positional parameter to `max_size` to better communicate its use in auto scaling properties. [#2293](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2293)
```

### Fixed

> * Deployment: Fixing `set_admins.py` Script. [#2300](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2300)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployment: Fixed `set_admins.py` script. [#2300](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2300)
```
